
		STORY BOOKS & NOVELS

Book Name : The Snow Merchant.
Book Author : Sam Gayton.
Book About : Lettie Peppercorn lives in a house on stilts near the wind-swept coast of Albion, with no one to talk to but Periwinkle the pigeon. Her days are filled with floor-sweeping, bed-making and soup-stirring. Her dreams are filled with memories of her mother, who vanished long ago. Nothing incredible has ever happened to Lettie, until one winter’s night.
Book Author About : Sam Gayton received a master?s degree in Writing for Young People at Bath Spa University. Lilliput was his first book to be published in the U. S. He lives in England. 

Book Name : The Forty Rules Of Love.
Book Author : Elif Shafak.
Book About : About 544,000,000 results (0.58 seconds) 
The Forty Rules of Love is a 2009 novel by Elif Shafak. The book tells the story of Ella Rubinstein, a woman in her late thirties who has settled into the complacency of her life. She exists without drive or passion. The narrative follows her unlikely escape from what at first appears to be inevitable unhappiness.
Book Author About : Elif Shafak is a Turkish-British novelist, essayist, public speaker, political scientist and activist. Shafak writes in Turkish and English, and has published 19 works.

Book Name : The Bastrad Of Istanbol.
Book Author : Elif Shafak.
Book About : Twenty years later, Asya Kazanci lives with her extended family in Istanbul. Due to a mysterious family curse, all the Kaznci men die in their early forties, so it is a house of women, among them Asya's beautiful, rebellious mother Zeliha, who runs a tattoo parlour; Banu, who has newly discovered herself as clairvoyant; and Feride, a hypochondriac obsessed with impending disaster. And when Asya's Armenian-American cousin Armanoush comes to stay, long hidden family secrets connected with Turkey's turbulent past begin to emerge. 'Wonderfully magical, incredible, breathtaking...will have you gasping with disbelief in the last few pages' Sunday Express 'A beautiful book, the finest I have read about Turkey' Irish Times 'Heartbreaking...the beauty of Islam pervades Shafak's book' Vogue.
Book Author About : Elif Shafak is a Turkish-British novelist, essayist, public speaker, political scientist and activist. Shafak writes in Turkish and English, and has published 19 works.

Book Name : A Gentleman in Mosscow.
Book Author : Amor Towels.
Book About : On 21 June 1922, Count Alexander Rostov - recipient of the Order of Saint Andrew, member of the Jockey Club, Master of the Hunt - is escorted out of the Kremlin, across Red Square and through the elegant revolving doors of the Hotel Metropol.

Deemed an unrepentant aristocrat by a Bolshevik tribunal, the Count has been sentenced to house arrest indefinitely. But instead of his usual suite, he must now live in an attic room while Russia undergoes decades of tumultuous upheaval.
Book Author About : Amor Towles is an American novelist. He is best known for his bestselling novels Rules of Civility, A Gentleman in Moscow, and The Lincoln Highway.
Book Author About : Amor Towles is an American novelist. He is best known for his bestselling novels Rules of Civility, A Gentleman in Moscow, and The Lincoln Highway.

Book Name : The Book Thief.
Book Author : Markus Zusak.
Book About : It is 1939. In Nazi Germany, the country is holding its breath. Death has never been busier - and will become busier still.
By her brother's graveside, Liesel's life is changed forever when she picks up a single object, abandoned in the snow. It is The Gravedigger's Handbook, and this is her first act of book thievery. So begins Liesel's love affair with books and words, and soon she is stealing from Nazi book-burnings, the mayor's wife's library wherever there are books to be found.
Book Author About : Markus Zusak is an Australian writer with Austrian and German roots. He is best known for The Book Thief and The Messenger, two novels which became international bestsellers. He won the Margaret A. Edwards Award in 2014.

Book Name : Zero War.
Book Author :  Donald Mustard.
Book About : The Marvel Universe collides with video game phenomenon Fortnite! The inhabitants of the Island are locked in a neverending war, and only one thing has the potential to turn the tide a crystallized fragment of the Zero Point that was cast into the Marvel Universe!
Book Author About : Donald Mustard (born August 15, 1976) is an American game creator and director who provided additional voices in the 2019 film Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker. He is the co-founder and creative director of the gaming developer Chair Entertainment.

	COMICS BOOKS

Book Name : The Sandman.
Book Author : Neil Gaiman.
Book About : Preludes & Nocturnes is the first trade paperback collection of the comic book series The Sandman, published by the DC Comics imprint Vertigo. It collects issues #1–8. It is written by Neil Gaiman, illustrated by Sam Kieth, Mike Dringenberg and Malcolm Jones III, colored by Robbie Busch and lettered by Todd Klein.
Book Author About : Neil Richard MacKinnon Gaiman is an English author of short fiction, novels, comic books, graphic novels, nonfiction, audio theatre, and films. His works include the comic book series The Sandman and novels Stardust, American Gods, Coraline, and The Graveyard Book.

Book Name : Wolverine.
Book Author : Mark Millar
Book About : Fifty years in the future, America is a wasteland ruled by despotic super villain fiefdoms. Since our heroes fell, what happened to Wolverine has remained a mystery... in his place stands an old man, named Logan. 
Book Author About : Mark Millar MBE is a Scottish comic book writer who first came to prominence with a run on the superhero series The Authority, published by DC Comics' Wildstorm imprint.

Book Name : King In Black.
Book Author : Gerry Duggan
Book About : Collects Savage Avengers (2019) #17-22. Conan is imprisoned on Ryker's Island - but he promptly breaks out with the help of Deadpool! The taciturn barbarian and the Merc with a Mouth make for a very odd couple in the battle against the King in Black and his symbiote hordes!
Book Author About : Gerry Duggan is an American comics writer, director and photographer living in Los Angeles.

Book Name : Cat Kid Comic Club On Purpose
Book Author : Dav Pilkey
Book About : The Cat Kid Comic Club is deep in discovery in the newest graphic novel in the hilarious and heartwarming worldwide bestselling series by Dav Pilkey, the author and illustrator of Dog Man.The comic club is going in all different directions! Naomi, Melvin, and siblings are each trying to find their purpose.
Book Author About : David "Dav" Murray Pilkey Jr. is an American cartoonist, author, and illustrator of children's literature. He is best known as the author and illustrator of the children's book series, Captain Underpants, and the children's graphic novel series, Dog Man.